h2. Installation

h3. Auto installtion

The auto install file is a work in progress, it isn't well tested and doesn't have much error handling. If you find any errors or have any ideas to make this script better let me know or fork, fix and submit a pull request. 

Usage:
@bash < <( curl http://github.com/twe4ked/dotfiles/raw/master/bin/install.sh )@

h3. Manual install (Read comments carefully)

To install, in terminal navigate to your home folder and run @git clone http://github.com/twe4ked/dotfiles.git .dotfiles@ to pull down these files.

Next, open your @~/.profile@ in a text editor and add the following at the bottom. If you don't have a @~/.profile@ simply create one and it will automatically be run by terminal.app when each time you run it.

<pre><code># Contents of ~/.profile
if [ -e ~/.dotfiles ]; then
  . ~/.dotfiles/config
fi</code></pre>

Setup symlinks for .irbrc @ln -s ~/.dotfiles/lib/irbrc .irbrc # Setup .irbrc symlink@ (command must be run from your home folder)

*zsh specific*
Install "oh-my-zsh":http://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh @wget http://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/raw/master/tools/install.sh -O - | sh@

Setup symlinks for my.zsh-theme: 
@ln -s ~/.dotfiles/zsh/zsh-theme my.zsh-theme # Setup my.zsh-theme symlink (command must be run from ~/.oh-my-zsh/themes)@

Remove @~/.zshrc@ and replace with a symlink to the custom version:
@ln -s ~/.dotfiles/zsh/zshrc .zshrc # Setup .zshrc symlink (command must be run from ~/)@

"oh-my-zsh":http://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh is a community-driven framework for managing your zsh configuration.

h2. Basic features

* Custom functions
* Hints file
* Bash and zsh compatible
* Great looking and very helpful prompt
** Git stashes
** Git Branch
** Git status
** RVM info
** Time
** Custom current working directory shortener [bjeanes]
** Only show user@hostname when needed
** Battery level indicator

h3. Config

This file loads the rest of the config and also acts as a place to put major items.

* Search /Sites folder on 'cd' command
* Set textmate as default editor
* Make git colourful
* Sets title of window to be user@host
* .irbrc to make irb awesome (view framework/syntax highlighting/tab-completions/pretty-print/auto tab indentation).
* Sources MOTD
** Prints current shell
** Shows random hint

h3. Prompt

What you have to look at all day.

<code>[~/.dotfiles (git-branch)] » user@hostname</code> (bash)
<code>[~/.dotfiles] » user@hostname</code> (zsh) <code>(rvm) ± (master*) 1+ [19:30] ⚡</code>

The ⚡ symbol changes colour based on battery levels.
1+ is the number of git stashes
user@hostname only displays when user = root or connected over ssh 

!http://cl.ly/9db02fdcb00e524524b7/content!

h2. Aliases

h3. Main

dotfiles/aliases/aliases

* 'et' = Open current folder with textmate
* 'eprof' = Edit these files
* 'reload'/'sprof' = Reload these files
* 'pubkey' = Copy pub keys to clipboard
* 'gi' = Gem install with sudo at the front and without including ri and rdoc
* 'show_hidden' = Show hidden files in Finder
* 'hide_hidden' = Hide hidden files in Finder
* 'o.' = Open the current directory
* 'hints' = Show hints
* 'tmbundles' = Go to textmate bundles folder

h3. Rails aliases

dotfiles/aliases/rails

<pre><code># Rails stuff
alias logs='tail -f -0 ./log/*.log'
alias migrate='rake db:migrate'
alias rollback='rake db:rollback'
alias r='rake'

# Rails 3 aliases with backwards compatibility
alias ss="[ -e script/server ] && script/server || rails server"
alias sc="[ -e script/console ] && script/console || rails console"
# Generate aliases
alias model="[ -e script/generate ] && script/generate model || rails generate model"
alias controller="[ -e script/generate ] && script/generate controller || rails generate controller"
alias migration="[ -e script/generate ] && script/generate migration || rails generate migration"</code></pre>

h3. Git aliases

dotfiles/aliases/git

<pre><code>alias gst='git status'
alias gl='git pull --rebase'
alias gp='git push'
alias ga='git add'
alias gc='git commit -v'
alias gca='git commit -v -a'
alias gb='git branch'
alias gbc='git branch --color'
alias gba='git branch -a'
alias gco='git checkout'
alias gdc='git-svn dcommit'
alias gk='gitk --all &'
alias gitlog='git log --oneline --decorate --graph'

# Push to Heroku
alias gph='gp heroku'

# Show git config
alias gitconfig='cat .git/config'
# Edit git config
alias egitconfig='mate .git/config'

# Alias for opening GitX
alias gitx="open -b nl.frim.GitX"</code></pre>

h2. Other interesting things

@m path/to/project@
If no arguments are supplied open the current folder with TextMate

@o path/to/project@
Use 'o' instead of 'open' (o ~/Sites will open the sites folder), if no arguments are supplied open the current folder,

h3. Restart passenger server

@rp@ looks for a tmp directory, if there is no tmp directory it prompts you to create one, once it finds a tmp directory it touches tmp/restart.txt to tell passenger to restart.

h3. Hints

There is a random hint taken from lib/hints.txt inserted into the motd each time it is run. You can show all hints by running the following alias:
@alias hints='cat ~/.dotfiles/lib/hints.txt' # Show hints@

h3. Bash specific

* Ignore case in auto complete
* Removes the bell
* Automatically show completion without double tab-ing

h3. Github function

To use supply a minumum of two arguments; username, repository name
Supply a third argument to specify what folder you want to project to be cloned into
git clone http://github.com/[argument 1]/[argument 2] [argument 3]

@github twe4ked dotfiles .dotfiles@

h3. Supported

* "HIRB":http://github.com/cldwalker/hirb - A mini view framework for console/irb. Console goodies include a no-wrap table, auto-pager, tree and menu.
* "Wirble":http://rubygems.org/gems/wirble - IRB syntax highlighting
* "oh-my-zsh":http://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh is a community-driven framework for managing your zsh configuration.

_Based on work by "bjeanes":http://github.com/bjeanes/dot-files_

h3. To Do

* Only load battery.py on macbook
* Create installer script
* Create custom config file for things like work directories, archflags etc.